Today I mainly talk about the
safety education and training of PQC
I hope to finish in 20 minutes and leave 20
minutes for everyone to watch some videos
In the catalog, we can
see that our PQC laboratory
is actually divided
into two departments
One is the reliability laboratory
and the FA failure analysis laboratory
The reliability lab will talk
a little bit about some of
the projects that we have
done some analysis on and then
Analyze the points that
should be paid attention to in
the project and some ways
of personnel certification
The first ones that
will focus on FA are
X-Ray operations and
chemical room management
Chemical management will
introduce the environment as well
as education and training and
personal protective equipment
As well as the main chemical
spill handling procedures and
some life-saving hexafluorocarbons
and Diphoterine introduced
I will also watch the related
videos, and I will show us at the end.
Some occupational safety
cases in the PQC field
In the words of the reliability
laboratory, there are some analysis below
Do HTOL, HAST, THB,
many, this is just an
excerpt, there are many
different assignments
The reliability results are
mainly obtained through different
conditions such as temperature,
humidity, pressure and bias.
So why do you need reliability?
We often buy electrical appliances
outside, and we encounter
that we have a warranty of
several years for several years.
I believe everyone
knows that the warranty
has been done very
accurately for a few years
now. If the warranty
is two years, it may
break in one day or one
month after two years.
Reliability is doing this
There must be our technician
operators to do these experiments.
For personnel, it is defined according
to this file in the job management.
Relevant SOP-related
matters needing attention
In these SOPs, it will be
said that in fact, our work box
Some conditions of temperature,
humidity, pressure and voltage that are in
After completing the experiment, we have to
operate the oven if there is a temperature
The working box of the
oven must confirm that
the temperature must be
lower than 50 degrees C
If you turn on the pressure
later, you have to wait
until the pointer of his
pressure gauge drops to 0.
Open it again or it may explode.
Of course it must be
turned off if the voltage is
You can see some below
Gloves, earmuffs and
gloves means that the
temperature of the product
may be relatively high.
Be careful to avoid burns when handling
If the earmuffs are due to some work
The noise in the room
where different instruments are
placed is very loud. The
purpose of wearing earmuffs is to
Avoid hearing damage
the same if you encounter some
If there is an emergency, press the
emergency button to avoid some accidents
Reliability Lab and their personnel
are certified through the e-skill system
Personnel can perform homework
only after passing classes and exams
That simply took the way through
that reliability lab for some of their work
Next is the part of the FA
failure analysis laboratory
FA analysis is
mainly divided into
non-destructive analysis
and destructive analysis
Non-destructive analysis,
as the name implies,
we will not do something
to the product itself
Let it damage the actions just exampled
like visual inspection, X-Ray lots and lots
In terms of destructive
analysis, everyone most
often knows that it is
decap opening, cross-section
Relatively the same, our
FA operators must also
go through some
certification before they can go
Doing these jobs says we
are managing through Power BI
Power BI has a lot of detailed
items Icon on the following side
Personnel have to go through
some of us and have to go
through these skill owner
certifications. We will be there.
We have one of their
Confident sheet You have
to give a score to say how
many points you achieved
to perform this assignment
This is the part where
our FA will certify personnel
Then what comes next is
The first topic is our X-Ray
manipulation of ionizing radiation
Everyone knows that if you
want to get the X-Ray operation
qualification in the factory,
we need to go to the first one.
Apply for a special health
checkup Go to the hospital
to apply for a checkup
and complete the checkup
After you come back, you will
have to consult an occupational
doctor to see if your physical
condition can handle this work.
After passing it, we are going to sign up
for the 18-hour ionizing radiation course.
last year's
That's because we now have some ionizing
radiation personnel in the factory.
comparison is
Don't have so many people,
so it's basically once a year
I have been in class recently and
the card is very tight. If you pass
After the 18-hour ionizing
radiation course, the
owner will teach the
operation of the machine
After everything is ok, the owner
will apply for the X-Ray dose armband
The dose armband is down here
so you can go qualify for X-Ray
Remember that once you get the dose armband
you have to log your procedure every month
If the production line is to brush
the bar code, then we have a PQC.
Sign keeping system is the use
of the sign-in machine. We use that
to record and report
Now, I don't know why it has
been received since last month.
That test record from our dose armband
I didn't announce it again
before. I don't know why
it should be changed to let
relevant people know now.
So I asked about the
five-year cumulative amount,
some of which are 0.13
and 0.23, that should be okay.
Now because of the environmental safety
and security, these are sent every month.
The test records will also be
forwarded to the relevant personnel
The next introduction
is the management of
our chemical room,
which is mainly seen first.
Environment introduction
The chemical analysis room
is located in the PQC laboratory
on the 2nd floor of C5, which
is the chemical analysis room.
Then we put chemical protective
clothing, protective masks
and non-slip shoes on the
cabinet in front and hang them.
It's a hazmat suit with
shoes and a hat on the side
There are mainly these equipments
in the chemical room. One
room is a body flushing and
eyewash equipment. This is in
Our improvement last
year included a curtain
On the one hand to avoid
splashing when an accident
happens to spray you on
the other hand is privacy
Next to that there is an area
where we hang our gloves
We have a rule that all
personnel should not wear gloves
to touch the outside if they
leave the chemical room.
instrument phone or desk or product
or anything to avoid other do not know
If you touch the acid, it
will cause some injuries
Then there is an emergency button above
the fume cupboard in our chemical room.
The purpose of setting that panic
button is to say that if something happens
In case of acid dumping or personal
injury we press this panic button our FA
There will be an alarm
bell in the office, and the
relevant personnel will go
to the emergency disposal
Then next is the storage
cabinet for our acid bottle.
After connecting to
the ventilation, I will
introduce the other
site because of storage.
Inappropriate acid bottle
causing his acid bottle to explode
This is my storage cabinet and that
storage area for alcohol and acetone has
Pack a leak-proof bucket
to keep him from tipping
On the road of the
warehouse, there are hexafluoro
Diphoterine, which are mainly for the
Hydrofluoric acid or other acids
and bases can be used for emergency
treatment after spraying, so I will
introduce a little later in the video
MSDS also has two groups in the laboratory
One group inside the lab
One group outside the lab
What needs to be done to get the
operation of the chemistry room through our
Our person in charge of physical
property analysis carried out a 3-hour
Hazard education training
and after-class exams can only
be operated if a passing
score of 85 or more is required.
In the same way, we also
target mothers according
to the provisions of the
Occupational Safety Law.
The protected part is
also for pregnant women
or those who have
given birth and are still
If you're breastfeeding, we'll
assign him to work. Don't go.
Use the chemistry room and then don't
do anything with X-Ray but only if you
It must be brought up. Don't
be afraid. After you bring it up,
you can go to the environmental
safety and health department.
To apply for that armband
in a pregnancy to avoid
others but I don't know
why they will pat the back
is a protection
The following words are the textbook and
the content that will be introduced in it
So this is our personal protective
equipment before entering the chemical room
Wear protective clothing,
wear a mask, wear a face shield
Then the gloves and
shoes are made of acid-proof
material. In fact, we have
changed several versions.
It took a lot of work to find this.
Then you can see our
chemical processing procedures
We used to practice this
twice a year. At that time,
the regulations were changed
to practice once a year.
Mainly still
When the personnel operate in
the chemical room and find that
they accidentally knock down
the acid bottle, it is a simulation
We're going to hit that emergency switch
If the relevant personnel will come in
fully armed with C-type protective clothing
He's going to get that
acid absorbent cotton
and that bag, and
that's the first thing to do
The leaking place is surrounded
by the outside and slowly
absorbs him. After the
adsorption, he will also use that
Use that clean water to wipe the
contaminated acid-absorbing cotton
Put the wipes in that protective bag
The main introduction
here is that he must wear a
protective mask when wearing
the C-type protective clothing.
gas mask
The same are gloves, clothes and
shoes are acid and alkali resistant.
Well, here is what we will tell
the people in the group about us.
The content of the drill
and let them know what to
do in the event of an
emergency. They also signed in
The next thing I saw was that
it was in the chemistry room.
We now have one, two, three, four or five
of the fume cupboards in the chemical room.
There is an emergency button on each seat
In the event of an accident,
the emergency button is pressed
We have an alarm bell in
the PQC office, the FA office
He will ring and ring
that loudly, so the
relevant people will
hurry up and deal with it
Next is the introduction of
hexafluorine and Diphoterine
Hexafluorine is a neutralizing agent
for being sprayed with hydrofluoric acid
Diphoterine is for some acids and
bases if accidentally splashed on the skin
Hurry up and spray this to deal
with to avoid your more serious injury
This is what I took from that
website yesterday, that is to say
This is the technology
factory in Tainan last year
His employee got sprayed with
that hydrofluoric acid in the abdomen
medical staff use that
Use that hexafluorine to
help him deal with it first
this in 2020
Before this, I remember
that I think everyone should
have heard that there was
an electronics factory before.
The foreign worker spattered on his
thigh when he was making hydrofluoric acid
As a result, he was sent to the
hospital and he was clearly conscious, but
the area was too large for him later
because no immediate treatment was done.
So he left behind
next
can buy
Hydrofluoric acid
I don't know if I can buy it or not.
I don't know this
Let me talk about our work-related
injury case first, because
if the film is to be played,
I will wait for the last time.
This is where we used to call the
RQC staff in that chemistry room
The operation said that the
eye was burned as a result
in 2012
This is because we did not have
better protective equipment at
that time, and we wore half of
the acid-proof gloves at that time.
Then we are wearing
goggles when we often drip acid
The head will stick into the fume
hood because the fume hood sometimes
There will be some crystals
The white crystals
fell off by accident and
fell right next to his
eyes, he felt tingling
So hurry up and respond to the supervisor,
we will deal with it as soon as possible
Eliminate the evacuation
and send it to the doctor,
and then change the
way to improve it later.
Helmet mask, but we've modified it to
The way I just saw
The other one is that in 2016
we have colleagues cutting that
What about the wires of the circuit board?
I don't know what to do, just cut it off
So of course, I also did some first
aid actions and went to the back.
Send the doctor to Hai Zong
for stitches and injections
Action said to wear gloves and
be careful when cutting things
then this is
What happened last year is that our
personnel were in our basement in the setup
What about doing some electrical tests?
Because our machine is arranged like
this, we have to put up a lot of equipment
Accidentally tripped over
a wire and injured my jaw
Then I went to the doctor
So our later action correction method is
Put these small instruments on racks to
avoid having too many wires on the ground
tripping injuries
This one is what happened
last year, it's our personnel.
doing
He was the maintenance guy and was
doing maintenance behind the machine
Because I accidentally bumped into that
The corner of the box will
create a hole in the head
That is also a two or three days
of self-cultivation and sewing, so in
This later becomes
He said that the box
can not be installed on
the walking line to avoid
collision so the back
All of these have to be added to the
SOP. In fact, you still have to be careful.
We are next door. This is the next
department. Their instruments are full.
A lot of these boxes will hang on that wall
That's what happened last
year, and this case means that
At that time, there was a
new employee who went
to our top-floor warehouse
with a more senior one.
I didn't know why I put a fan on
that chair when I was finishing things.
Because it's hot there, I turn on the fan
The fan was shaking
when it turned because the
chair was unstable and
it was about to fall over.
Then this newcomer is
the fan blade of the electric
fan when he picks up
the hand with his hand.
Cut to the wound and bleed through our
environmental security guards to go there
I went to see the
problem and said that the
first fan other than this
one cannot be placed in
This unstable chair and his
wiring are also not quite right.
there may be
The risk of injury, plus his
extension cord, is also a mess.
Then the request said that the fan
needs to be covered with a net later.
If it is placed on the
ground and cannot be placed
on the shelf, the power
cord should also be fixed.
Pull down from above and fasten below
Well, this is roughly
what it means to say that
this is also what happened
this year. This is in
Malaysia KLM Laboratory
The chemical laboratory in KLM
where they store acid bottles is normal
The general file cabinet is sealed because
What's wrong with the lack of
ventilation? After a period of time,
he may have pressure build up
over there, and he suddenly exploded.
At this time, they also came to
ask us how to store the acid bottle.
Then, as mentioned above,
our acid bottle is placed in
Put it in that vented box?
And we have an acid bottle,
our tool owner will open the
lid for him at a fixed time to
let him relieve the pressure
avoid it building up too much stress
Ok I'm probably like this and put it
The video of Hexafluorine and
Diphoterine for everyone to see
Just look at the highlights
because it's over an hour
What he's talking about is
that we are blown away by some
hydrofluoric acid or some
more toxic chemical liquid.
After it penetrates
into the skin, its speed
of eroding the skin
will also eat your cells
Next, let's move on to the more
poisonous thing, which is TMAH.
Some introduce some cases
That TMAH he is a very
toxic solution before we
The lab used to have it and it was
very poisonous so we've eliminated it
He said that you only need
to be sprayed with this solution
before the hexafluorine
and the Diphoterine appeared.
you must be helpless
behind this
Hexafluorine and Diphoterine have a better
chance of survival after they appear.
After him, I will show you some cases
that were sprayed with hydrofluoric acid.
This is the foreign
labor incident last year.
The patient just can't be
saved and just walks away
Basically, just look around here.
So knowing that means the chemistry
room is operating it has its dangers
But if you follow our
norms, it's actually ok.